Jijin recollects his experience of the previous night getting lost on the way,
aikido, food, community conversations and so on
Anu narrates her experience of learning the router installation , being a non-techie.
Myna speaks about her way of experiencing events on the spur of the moment.
Cynthia speaks about physical health, identifying best practices for safety and strength.
Nikko speaks of his experience of an unexpected event in the night in the middle of the forest.
Indistinct Chatters
Shalini shows her satisfaction in completing the libra router deployment.
Madhu speaks of her experience attending and learning router mesh installation and use.
Shwetha narrates her part on tents installation
Upasana speaking of the conversations that helped in moving things forward
from installation through hosting services on mesh network.
Alekhya speaks of the gender sensitisation efforts,
software services being developed for creating narratives
Geetha narrates her experience attending different workshops at Anthill hacks event.
Shreyas introduces himself and talks about his interest in cultures and development,
while being part of settlement studies research.
Dilip Patel introduces and conveys his interest in Community Mesh Networks.
Indistinct Chatters
Priya speaks of her interest in Pi radio device, Maaya software and
her experience watching Masai Tribe’s narrative by Girish.
Mani speaks of his experience learning about Libre Router, and working towards Maaya software.